RHDEVDOCS-2791 Document: Ensure Critical alerts have complete playboo… (#32586)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/troubleshooting/cluster-logging-troubleshooting-for-critical-alerts.adoc

// WARNING - DO NOT ALTER THE URL PATH OF THIS CONTENT, OR YOU WILL BREAK LINKS FROM ALERT MESSAGES THAT LINK TO THIS CONTENT.
// However, if you must make such changes, consult with the logging team beforehand.
[id="cluster-logging-troubleshooting-for-critical-alerts"]
= Troubleshooting for Critical Alerts
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]
:toclevels: 2

[id="elasticsearch-cluster-health-is-red"]

> == Elasticsearch Cluster Health is Red

Reviewer: @rolfedh The content looks correct to me.
There is alignment issues in the preview from point 6. Point 6 should be left aligned and then points e,f,g,h should be subpoints of point 6. Same goes after point h.

> == Elasticsearch Cluster Health is Red

Author: Thanks, @sasagarw. Fixed.

. Increase the node count or the disk space of existing nodes by adjusting `nodeCount` or `storage.size` in the `ClusterLogging` CR.

.Additional resources

* See *Elasticsearch Disk Usage* in xref:../../../logging/cluster-logging-dashboards.adoc#cluster-logging-dashboards-logging_cluster-logging-dashboards[OpenShift Logging dashboards].
// https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/logging/cluster-logging-dashboards.html#cluster-logging-dashboards-logging_cluster-logging-dashboards
* xref:../../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.html[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]
// https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.html
* xref:../../../logging/config/cluster-logging-log-store.adoc#cluster-logging-elasticsearch-storage_cluster-logging-store[Configuring persistent storage for the log store]
// https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/logging/config/cluster-logging-log-store.html#cluster-logging-elasticsearch-storage_cluster-logging-store

[id="elasticsearch-write-requests-rejection-jumps"]
== Elasticsearch Write Requests Rejection Jumps

=== Troubleshooting

> TBD

Author: @sasagarw @ewolinetz  Please provide troubleshooting steps.

Reviewer: @rolfedh `Elasticsearch Write Requests Rejection Jumps` is a `warning` alert and we haven't documented troubleshooting steps for warning alerts yet. I guess you can skip this for future releases.

----

. In the command output, check the `nodes.node_name.fs` field to determine the free disk space on that node.

. Increase the disk space on all nodes.

. If increasing the disk space is not possible, add a new data node to the cluster.

. If adding a new data node is problematic, decrease the total cluster redundancy policy.

.. Check the current `redundancyPolicy`.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc edit es elasticsearch -n openshift-logging
----
+
NOTE: If using Cluster Logging Custom Resource, then:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc edit cl instance -n openshift-logging
----

.. If cluster redundancy policy is higher than `SingleRedundancy`, set it to `SingleRedundancy` and save it.

. If nothing above helps, delete old indices.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify the index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE

> ----

Reviewer 2: Hi @sasagarw, will the changes in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1090 be merged into 5.1? Currently, the changes are not in `release-5.1` branch. 
If no, I think we need to document down the query string to release locks on indices.  cc @rolfedh 
```
es_util --query=*/_settings?pretty -X PUT -d '{"index.blocks.read_only_allow_delete": null}'
```

> // WARNING - DO NOT ALTER THE URL PATH OF THIS CONTENT, OR YOU WILL BREAK LINKS FROM ALERT MESSAGES THAT LINK TO THIS CONTENT.

Author: Thanks - Because the software links directly to this content, it is _critical_ that writers don't alter the URL without coordinating such a change with the engineering team. I am using all caps because it increases the likelihood that writers  will notice this information.

----

.. Increase the timeout.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name>/_settings?pretty -X PUT -d '{"index.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout":"10m"}'
----

. If the preceding steps do not clear the red indices, delete the indices individually.

.. Identify the red index name.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_cat/indices?v
----

.. Delete the red index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_red_index_name> -X DELETE
----

. If there are no red indices and the cluster status is red, check for a continuous heavy processing load on a data node.

.. Check if the Elasticsearch JVM Heap usage is high.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats?pretty
----
+
In the command output, review the `node_name.jvm.mem.heap_used_percent` field to determine the JVM Heap usage.

.. Check for high CPU utilization.

.Additional resources

> * "Free up or increase disk space" in the Elasticsearch topic, link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.13/fix-common-cluster-issues.html#fix-red-yellow-cluster-status[Fix a red or yellow cluster status].

Reviewer 3: So you want me to go to the link, then navigate to the section, "free up or increase disk space"? This is how I read the additional resources. Wanted to confirm this is what you want users to do.

Author: Yes - that's the intention here. Previously, it started with 'See "Free up or increase disk space", but I removed that to comply with one of our style rules. I think I'll but "See" back in.

[id="elasticsearch-cluster-health-is-yellow"]
== Elasticsearch Cluster Health is Yellow

Replica shards for at least one primary shard are not allocated to nodes.

.Troubleshooting

. Increase the node count by adjusting `nodeCount` in the `ClusterLogging` CR.

.Additional resources

> //* Search for "Elasticsearch Disk Usage" in xref:../../logging/cluster-logging-dashboards.adoc#cluster-logging-dashboards-logging_cluster-logging-dashboards[OpenShift Logging dashboards].

Reviewer 3: For these first two bullet points, your link does work. However, the page you link to tells me to click their links. Their links don't work. This probably is beyond your control. But I don't see how valuable a resource is if it takes me to a page which directs me to a 404 page error. 

Is there another place you can link users? Like maybe a GitHub repo where they can raise issues and whatnot?

. Try to increase the disk space on all nodes.

. If increasing the disk space is not possible, try adding a new data node to the cluster.

. If adding a new data node is problematic, decrease the total cluster redundancy policy.

.. Check the current `redundancyPolicy`.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get es elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.spec.redundancyPolicy}'
----
+
NOTE: If you are using a `ClusterLogging` CR, enter:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get cl -o jsonpath='{.items[*].spec.logStore.elasticsearch.redundancyPolicy}'
----

.. If the cluster `redundancyPolicy` is higher than `SingleRedundancy`, set it to `SingleRedundancy` and save this change.

. If the preceding steps do not fix the issue, delete the old indices.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

.Additional resources

> * Search for "redundancyPolicy" in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

Reviewer 3: Same issue as above. Your link works, but it takes me to a page which gives me a dead link. Again, I don't see how valuable of a resource this page is. When I go to a page like this one, with pretty much only one link, my reaction is to click it. I think most users would do the same; hence, most users will find a 404 error by going to this "additional resource." 

<img width="1293" alt="Screen Shot 2021-06-17 at 1 37 26 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70717303/122446897-2a211f80-cf71-11eb-8445-444ee74c26e6.png">

. Try to increase the disk space on all nodes.

. If increasing the disk space is not possible, try adding a new data node to the cluster.

. If adding a new data node is problematic, decrease the total cluster redundancy policy.

.. Check the current `redundancyPolicy`.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get es elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.spec.redundancyPolicy}'
----
+
NOTE: If you are using a `ClusterLogging` CR, enter:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get cl -o jsonpath='{.items[*].spec.logStore.elasticsearch.redundancyPolicy}'
----

.. If the cluster `redundancyPolicy` is higher than `SingleRedundancy`, set it to `SingleRedundancy` and save this change.

. If the preceding steps do not fix the issue, delete the old indices.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

.Additional resources

> 

Reviewer 3: Same issue as above. Your link works, but it takes me to a page which gives me a dead link.

> * "redundancyPolicy: SingleRedundancy" in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

Reviewer 3: So, you want me to go to the link, then go to "sample clusterlogging" then navigate to the section "redundancyPolicy"? I'm not used to this much navigation in "additional resources." I'm used to going to one page that I'm linked to. Granted, your users might expect more navigation on their part. 

Also, the xref's link works, however, when I click the "cluster-logging-about-crd" I get a 404 error page:
<img width="1100" alt="Screen Shot 2021-06-11 at 11 36 31 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70717303/121712053-46244d00-caa9-11eb-9750-e552521ff3d3.png">

----
+
NOTE: If you are using a `ClusterLogging` CR, enter:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get cl -o jsonpath='{.items[*].spec.logStore.elasticsearch.redundancyPolicy}'
----

.. If the cluster `redundancyPolicy` is higher than `SingleRedundancy`, set it to `SingleRedundancy` and save this change.

. If the preceding steps do not fix the issue, delete the old indices.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

 . Continue freeing up and monitoring the disk space until the used disk space drops below 90%. Then, unblock write to this particular node.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_all/_settings?pretty -X PUT -d '{"index.blocks.read_only_allow_delete": null}'
----

.Additional resources

> * Search for "redundancyPolicy" in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

Reviewer 3: Same issue as above. Your link works, but it takes me to a page which gives me a dead link.

. Try to increase the disk space on all nodes.

. If increasing the disk space is not possible, try adding a new data node to the cluster.

. If adding a new data node is problematic, decrease the total cluster redundancy policy.

.. Check the current `redundancyPolicy`.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get es elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.spec.redundancyPolicy}'
----
+
NOTE: If you are using a `ClusterLogging` CR, enter:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get cl -o jsonpath='{.items[*].spec.logStore.elasticsearch.redundancyPolicy}'
----

.. If the cluster `redundancyPolicy` is higher than `SingleRedundancy`, set it to `SingleRedundancy` and save this change.

. If the preceding steps do not fix the issue, delete the old indices.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

.Additional resources

> * Search for "redundancyPolicy" in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

Reviewer 3: Same issue as above. For all three of these bullets, your link works, but it takes me to a page which gives me a dead link.

> * "ElasticsearchDiskSpaceRunningLow" in xref:../../logging/troubleshooting/cluster-logging-alerts.adoc#cluster-logging-elasticsearch-rules_cluster-logging-alerts[About Elasticsearch alerting rules].

Reviewer 3: Again, xref works, but the links from the "elasticsearch alerting rules" don't work. I click the links, and I get a 404 page. So I don't know how effective it is to take users to "elasticsearch alerting rules" because that page only leads to dead links.

* "Free up or increase disk space" in the Elasticsearch topic, link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.13/fix-common-cluster-issues.html#fix-red-yellow-cluster-status[Fix a red or yellow cluster status].

[id="elasticsearch-filedescriptor-usage-is-high"]
== Elasticsearch FileDescriptor Usage is high

Based on current usage trends, the predicted number of file descriptors on the node is insufficient.

.Troubleshooting

Check and, if needed, configure the value of `max_file_descriptors` for each node, as described in the Elasticsearch link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/file-descriptors.html[File descriptors] topic.

.Additional resources

> * "ElasticsearchHighFileDescriptorUsage" in xref:../../logging/troubleshooting/cluster-logging-alerts.adoc#cluster-logging-elasticsearch-rules_cluster-logging-alerts[About Elasticsearch alerting rules].

Reviewer 3: Again, xref works, but the links from the "elasticsearch alerting rules" don't work. I click the links, and I get a 404 page. So I don't know how effective it is to take users to "elasticsearch alerting rules" because that page only leads to dead links.

> * Search for "ElasticsearchHighFileDescriptorUsage" in xref:../../logging/troubleshooting/cluster-logging-alerts.adoc#cluster-logging-elasticsearch-rules_cluster-logging-alerts[About Elasticsearch alerting rules].

Reviewer 3: Same issue as above. For both these bullets, your link works, but it takes me to a page which gives me a dead link.

+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_cat/indices?v
----

.. Delete the red index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_red_index_name> -X DELETE
----

. If there are no red indices and the cluster status is red, check for a continuous heavy processing load on a data node.

.. Check if the Elasticsearch JVM Heap usage is high.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats?pretty
----
+
In the command output, review the `node_name.jvm.mem.heap_used_percent` field to determine the JVM Heap usage.

.. Check for high CPU utilization.

.Additional resources

* See "Free up or increase disk space" in the Elasticsearch topic, link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.13/fix-common-cluster-issues.html#fix-red-yellow-cluster-status[Fix a red or yellow cluster status].

[id="elasticsearch-cluster-health-is-yellow"]
== Elasticsearch Cluster Health is Yellow

Replica shards for at least one primary shard are not allocated to nodes.

.Troubleshooting

> . Check the disk space of the Elasticsearch node.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: @sasagarw, based on the next comment, should I remove this line?

Reviewer: Yes, sure.
Remove point 2 as well then because it was related to previous command. Now it can be seen directly to users.

> . Increase the node count or the disk space of existing nodes by adjusting `nodeCount` or `storage.size` in the `ClusterLogging` CR.

Reviewer 2: Adjusting `storage.size` in clusterlogging is not supported, this action won't make any change to the ES cluster. Details are in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-920.

Reviewer: Yes, @QiaolingTang is right. This action won't work.
@rolfedh we haven't still worked on `warning` alerts hence you can remove these troubleshooting steps.

Author: @sasagarw It seems like, based on @QiaolingTang's statement, I should simply remove the previous step and adjust the following phrase as shown here:
```suggestion
. Increase the node count by adjusting `nodeCount` in the `ClusterLogging` CR.
```
Otherwise, if the scope of the issue is larger than this, let me know which troubleshooting steps should be removed.

Reviewer: I guess we can let it be like this based on your updated statement.
When we will plan to document the steps for `Elasticsearch Cluster Health is Yellow`, we will update the complete troubleshooting steps.

// [id="elasticsearch-write-requests-rejection-jumps"]
// == Elasticsearch Write Requests Rejection Jumps
//
// .Troubleshooting
// TBD
// Note for writer: This is a warning alert and we haven't documented troubleshooting steps for warning alerts yet. I guess you can skip this in currrent release.

[id="elasticsearch-node-disk-low-watermark-reached"]
== Elasticsearch Node Disk Low Watermark Reached

Elasticsearch does not allocate shards to nodes that https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.8/disk-allocator.html[reach the low watermark].

.Troubleshooting

. Identify the node on which Elasticsearch is deployed.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get po -o wide
----

. Check if there are `unassigned shards`.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_cluster/health?pretty | grep unassigned_shards
----

. If there are unassigned shards, check the disk space on each node.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats/fs?pretty

Author: ```suggestion
$for pod in `oc get po -l component=elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'`; do echo $pod; oc exec -c elasticsearch $es_pod -- df -h /elasticsearch/persistent; done
```
@ehvs Is this what you're suggesting?

Reviewer 4: That would be

```
$for pod in `oc -n openshift-logging get po -l component=elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'`; do echo $pod; oc -n openshift-logging exec -c elasticsearch $pod -- df -h /elasticsearch/persistent; done
```

the **for** loop, export a variable **pod** and it can be applied in the **oc exec** command. I tweaked a bit further to include the namespace, just in case the user is outside the correct project.

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

.Additional resources

* See `redundancyPolicy: SingleRedundancy` in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

[id="elasticsearch-node-disk-high-watermark-reached"]
== Elasticsearch Node Disk High Watermark Reached

Elasticsearch attempts to relocate shards away from a node for link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.8/disk-allocator.html[that reaches the high watermark].

.Troubleshooting

. Identify the node on which Elasticsearch is deployed.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc -n openshift-logging get po -o wide
----

. Check the disk space on each node.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats/fs?pretty

Author: ```suggestion
$for pod in `oc get po -l component=elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'`; do echo $pod; oc exec -c elasticsearch $es_pod -- df -h /elasticsearch/persistent; done
```
@ehvs Is this what you're suggesting?

.. Check the status of all indices on Elasticsearch.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- indices
----

.. Identify an old index that can be deleted.

.. Delete the index.
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=<elasticsearch_index_name> -X DELETE
----

.Additional resources

* See `redundancyPolicy: SingleRedundancy` in the "Sample `ClusterLogging` custom resource (CR)" in xref:../../logging/config/cluster-logging-configuring-cr.adoc#cluster-logging-configuring-crd_cluster-logging-configuring-cr[About the Cluster Logging custom resource]

[id="elasticsearch-node-disk-flood-watermark-reached"]
== Elasticsearch Node Disk Flood Watermark Reached

Elasticsearch enforces a read-only index block on every index that has both of these conditions:

* One or more shards allocated on the node.
* One or more disks exceed the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.8/disk-allocator.html[flood stage].

.Troubleshooting

. Check the disk space of the Elasticsearch node.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats/fs?pretty

Author: ```suggestion
$for pod in `oc get po -l component=elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'`; do echo $pod; oc exec -c elasticsearch $es_pod -- df -h /elasticsearch/persistent; done
```
@ehvs Is this what you're suggesting?

[id="elasticsearch-jvm-heap-use-is-high"]
== Elasticsearch JVM Heap Use is High

The Elasticsearch node JVM Heap memory used is above 75%.

.Troubleshooting

Consider https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/important-settings.html#heap-size-settings[increasing the heap size].

[id="aggregated-logging-system-cpu-is-high"]
== Aggregated Logging System CPU is High

System CPU usage on the node is high.

.Troubleshooting

Check the CPU of the cluster node. Consider allocating more CPU resources to the node.

[id="elasticsearch-process-cpu-is-high"]
== Elasticsearch Process CPU is High

Elasticsearch process CPU usage on the node is high.

.Troubleshooting

Check the CPU of the cluster node. Consider allocating more CPU resources to the node.

[id="elasticsearch-disk-space-is-running-low"]
== Elasticsearch Disk Space is Running Low

Based on current disk usage, the Elasticsearch Cluster is predicted to be out of disk space within the next 6 hours.

.Troubleshooting

. Get the disk space of the Elasticsearch node.
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc exec -n openshift-logging -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- es_util --query=_nodes/stats/fs?pretty

Author: ```suggestion
$for pod in `oc get po -l component=elasticsearch -o jsonpath='{.items[*].metadata.name}'`; do echo $pod; oc exec -c elasticsearch <elasticsearch_pod_name> -- df -h /elasticsearch/persistent; done
```
@ehvs Is this what you're suggesting?
